The Joe Rogan experience.
And this is something,
a lesson we never learned in history that we really should have,
but in world war I,
Woodrow Wilson said he was gonna make the world safe for democracy.
That was the American mission in world war I,
and at the time the world certainly was not safe for democracy. I mean,
Europe was all monarchs pretty much. And we overthrew the monarchs, the,
the monarchies pretty much lost.
And the ones that are still there are like monarchies and name only, you know,
England and stuff like that. Um,
and then in the next decades you had the rise of Hitler, uh,
Stalin or Lenon, and then Stalin. And you're like, oh man, those,
those monarchs don't seem so bad. All of a sudden now, you know, like, oh,
it turns out you could get rid of something and something much worse can come
after it. You need a full length plan. But for Obama who even goes,
you know, I,
I think he acknowledged at one point that Libya was his biggest mistake.
And he said not having a plan for the day after, uh,
GDA was overthrown was a big mistake. And it's like, yeah,
I sure we had just lived through a rack. Like how could you not see that coming?
Right. How could, how could you not be like, oh yeah.
And then after that still tried to overthrow Asad in, in Syria. Right.
And you're you don't back on that.
Oh yeah. Do you remember when they gave that speech?
When he gave a speech on television and everybody was like,
this mm-hmm <affirmative> and then they, it kind of just went.
Away. It was one of the most beautiful moments in, in modern American history.
People really actually stood up and stopped a war from happening. Yeah.
So instead they just, uh, covertly funded the Al Qaeda, uh, side of it.
Jimmy do broke this down when he was on your show perfectly. Yes. You know,
those, those guys who go like, uh, they,
they tell the story of Syria and it's like the, um, you know, Mike B.
Baker who I love, but his version of the story in Syria is like, well,
Asad started killing all of his own people. And so what are we gonna do?
You know, like, that's the story that they wanna tell you, right? It's like,
well, this guy just so bad, he's killing all these people you go,
is that really.
Mike Baker's version.
Of it was wasn't that's a caricature of it, but that's more or less that's,
that's more or less it. Right. I love Mike Bakker about the way I do too. Uh,
but, uh, so that's, but the real story is that you go, okay,
so if we're there,
if the narrative is that we are there because Assad's killing his own people and
oh my God, I think he used a gas attack or, oh my God, I think he did this.
And this is really dangerous. Well then why is it that, uh,
general Wesley Clark is telling us on video that he saw plans to have
regime change in Syria in 2003. Yeah. That was a dark video.
Why are there articles in 2007 about regime?
Cause he certainly wasn't killing his own people then. Right.
And then as Jimmy DOR broke down perfectly,
you realized that actually what happened was that the CIA and the Saudis
launched this operation timber, Sycamore, and they,
they said that we are going to arm all of the anti Asad rebels,
largely consisting of Al Qaeda and ISIS in an attempt to take him
out, to have the next regime change.
That has bit that this plant had been in the works for years.
And when confronted with that threat,
Asad launched a brutal war against them, certainly killed a whole lot of people.
I mean, like if there, if there was ISIS in a town,
he'd just kill everybody in the town. Like he didn't care. Um,
but the story's not as simple as like, oh, he started killing his own people.
And so now we have to overthrow him.
The story is we tried to overthrow him and in response,
war broke out where something like 500,000 people died.
Was Wesley Clark. Was he running for president when that happened?
I, if I'm not mistaken, I believe he ran before.
I could be wrong about that.
I think was he one of the democratic candidates in 2000? I believe so.
I believe this was after mm. After all that.
The, that was a, a dark video.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> when you saw him laying out the foundation that they had
and the fact that he was willing to do that and say it all in an interview on
television.
Yeah. No, it was really, really creepy.
And it's very hard to not look back at that and go like, okay, well,
not all of it came true. Exactly.
But certainly there has in an agenda since nine 11 to have one regime
change after the next, in the middle east, it wasn't just, oh,
we have to go to Afghanistan and oh,
we also have to go to Iraq cuz we think they have w MDs or something. It's like,
well,
why then have there been these five subsequent countries that we also have to go
and over through and no one ever with the exception of Wesley Clark? No,
no politician ever told the American people, Hey, here's what our plan is. Yeah.
This is what we want to do.
Do you guys agree with this or do you not agree with this?
You have no say in this we're we're doing this and each time we're gonna claim
that it's completely just like, oh the humanitarian impulse, the people there.
Yeah. The, uh,
the difference between what's happening now and in the past is first of all,
there's so much video, right? Where you could see a guy like Wesley Clark,
talk about that.
But also that you can see video of the events actually happening.
Like we have video of Saddam, Husein being hung.
We have video of Kadafi being captured by those rebels where they stick a knife
up his mm-hmm <affirmative> that video is that,
that is one of the most bizarre videos Kadafi in shock.
Not, not even responding to the fact that someone just stuck a knife up his,
like I said, just completely gripped with terror,
knowing that this is the end and that the rebels have captured and they're all
screaming and yelling and going crazy and.
Well. Uh that's right. And, and what's happened is that the,
the corporate press has lost their monopoly on information that
they had for all of our lives. Right? Like now it's like, well,
you can get it from all these places.
And that there's good and bad that comes with that.
But they're also now flipping out and, and you can see it,
like they're losing their grip on power and something more and more insane about
it.
But they've lost the ethics of journalism.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like this James OEF thing on CNN where that guy who worked,
was he the chief, whatever.
He is. Yeah. I forget his position, but a big, he was a pretty big CNN guy. And.
The crazy thing is they catch him on Tinder dates. So they, they gets must,
she must have been hot. <laugh> hot. Girls will get you to talk.
So he's got this hot girl and he's telling her how they.
Do propaganda,
how they basically would accentuate anything that was wrong with Trump.
They would talk about,
they completely underplay anything that's wrong with Biden, which is,
is to be fair. Pretty obvious. Yeah.
To anyone who just has an open mind and watch a CNN. But to hear him say it,
yeah. Still was, it.
Was powerful. And the fact that he said,
they're gonna do it now for climate change.
It's like, wow. And, and there that Pushe is already starting. Yeah. Um,
can you imagine just like,
if you were like the head of CNN and you have to give a meeting in the morning
and you're like, all right, so one more guys,
if a hot chick takes you out to a bar and starts asking you to tell her about
how we're propaganda that's that's James OIF. All right. So please, please,
don't just start babbling about how we do propaganda. It's.
So crazy. It's just, it's so weird to see it laid out like that. We're,
you know, he's explaining how they do it, but what a Blaber mouth,
the fact that this guy like, you know, Hey man, this is kind of important.
Like imagine if someone heard you say this. Yeah.
Imagine what kind of repercussions it would have on the business catch new
episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a pre him account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.